[sighs]
[giggles]
[meows]
[BAT DEVIL] Lest you want to
end all nine lives of this cat,
bring me a human being.
[POWER]
Every life is equally trivial.
And 'tis merely a cat.
So why do I run,
in search of a human?
[POWER gasps]
[POWER]
Simply to save Meowy?
[POWER gasps]
[POWER]
Such a foolish reason.
I love blood.
The taste, the smell,
the sense of mortality.
And then, I happened upon
a more recent discovery.
[POWER]
Blood is nice and warm.
It feels pleasant.
[meows]
[POWER]
Why did you save me?
I attempted to kill you.
[POWER]
Such a foolish reason.
Please, forgive my deceit.
Since Meowy is safe,
you may touch my chest.
[gasps]
Aww yeah!
Shit on a stick! Oww!
[DENJI groaning]
[DENJI]
Balls, that hurts!
[DENJI groaning]
[DENJI]
Can you move?
Not so much as a finger.
Take Meowy and run
as fast as you can.
[LEECH DEVIL]
Huh?
My chainsaws. Why the
hell ain't they workin'?
[DENJI]
Must not have enough blood.
You're the one who
killed Batty, right?
Just when I finally managed
to track down my man.
I find him gutted open
by a shrimp!
Oh-ho. You're pretty
easy on the eyes, too.
It'd be a tragedy
to kill such a stud,
so you're free to go!
[DENJI]
What about those two?
[chuckles] They're going to die.
Have it your way. Ciao.
[LEECH DEVIL grunting]
[LEECH DEVIL grunts]
[coughs]
[LEECH DEVIL chuckles]
[POWER]
He can fight so fiercely.
All for the sake of a grope?
[grunts]
[LEECH DEVIL groans]
[LEECH DEVIL grunts]
[DENJI groans]
[LEECH DEVIL]
You've got to be kidding me.
How'd a pupper like you make
mincemeat of my Batty-baby?
We both dreamed of
filling our stomachs
with every insufferable human
that ever walked the earth.
An impossible dream,
yet beautifully romantic
all the same.
And some yippy little
lapdog went and ruined it.
Shame the world's going to
have one less head-turner,
but you still need to die.
No way I'm dyin' till
I've held some boobs.
Seriously? My boyfriend
was slayed by a mutt
with the sleaziest dream ever.
Poor Batty. Life's not fair.
[POWER]
Such a foolish reason.
[AKI] Everyone's serious
about this but you.
[grunts]
[yells]
[LEECH DEVIL screams]
You all just gotta talk smack
about what I want, huh?
It's revenge this,
protect my family that.
Save my stupid kitty!
Blah, blah, blah!
Think your big, fancy-ass goals
make all of you hot shit?
Then prove it!
We'll have a dream
battle royal right now!
If I murderize you,
this'll be settled!
Touchin' titties will be
the better dream!
Aw. Cute. Even the way
you bark is darling!
[barks] So precious,
I could just eat you up!
[growls] If you beat me
in the dream battle,
then you can do whatever
the hell you want!
[LEECH DEVIL grunts]
[LEECH DEVIL grunting]
Hold still!
[LEECH DEVIL gasps]
[DENJI yells]
[LEECH DEVIL screams]
[POWER]
He's a demon.
[cackles]
[cackling]
[DENJI panting]
[grunts]
[LEECH DEVIL]
This snack'll be good.
Kon.
What happened?
[FOX DEVIL] She appears
to be the Leech Devil.
May I swallow?
Do it.
[AKI] Leech Devil's
extermination confirmed.
You rookies are to aid
and evacuate survivors.
--Sir!
--Right!
Since you're our senior,
you watch for
more devils, Himeno.
On it.
Win the dream battle.
I'm gonna win for sure.
[AKI]
Both you and the Blood Fiend
need to be debriefed,
so let's go.
What of Meowy?
[meows]
[AKI] Get the cat to a
veterinarian for a full checkup.
[AKI] In case you're wondering,
we found your arm.
It reattached when you
got a blood transfusion.
You really are like a devil.
You were pretty chummy
with a devil
for a guy who hates them.
Least that's how it looked.
[AKI sighs]
Your ignorance is astounding.
Hunters form
contracts with devils
in order to fight against them.
The one I was "chummy" with
is the Fox Devil.
As per our contract,
I feed it part of my body
and it lends me its power.
Fed it some skin this time.
Ahh. Sounds painful.
Devils always yearn for
the deaths of humans.
And Fiends are no exception.
Power's cool. She's a good one.
[AKI] Surveillance camera
footage caught you
and your partner headed
out of your patrol area.
What's more, a lengthy
trail of your blood
was found leading to a house
we believe the Bat Devil
was hiding in.
[AKI]
Admit it.
The Blood Fiend tried to
kill you, didn't she?
I'm baffled yet again.
You sympathize with
devils every time.
[DENJI] Weird.
Wonder what's up with that.
[FATHER A] My daughter
was hoping she could
talk to the chainsaw guy.
[CHILD A]
And tell him thanks!
[OFFICE WORKER A] I was
frozen in terror when those
two devils crashed
into my workplace.
I might not've run if the one
in the Public Safety uniform
hadn't snapped me out of it.
[MAN F] He said, "I don't give
a shit about this guy!"
and threw my car with me in it!
Some creep with
a chainsaw for a head.
[AKI] If I dig deeper
into this and report
what I find to the higher-ups,
you and the Blood Fiend you
covered for will be disposed of.
Thankfully,
there were no fatalities.
If you can accept my one,
single condition,
I'll let this thing slide.
Follow all of my commands
to the letter.
You're a dumbass with
a broken moral compass.
Whereas I've been doing this
long enough to have
a solid grasp on social ethics.
Wanna protect your lifestyle?
I highly suggest
you listen to me.
Okay? Answer if you understand.
Yeah. I'll keep that
in mind for ya.
[DENJI]
Just relax, dude.
Sure, I ain't exactly shootin'
for the stars over here,
like you pro-dreamers
with your awesome goals.
But I am serious about this,
like, the same amount as you.
Meeaning you can count on me.
[AKI] For now,
try to learn some manners.
'Kay. I'll keep that one
in mind for ya, too.
[POWER]
See? Am I not innocent?
Now, since you're aware,
kindly remove these.
You sure about this? Really?
When little miss Fiend
here kills somebody,
bam, it's gonna be on you
for letting her live today.
[AKI] We have to take
advantage of every tool
at our disposal
in our line of work,
which includes
the very things we hunt.
They're still the enemy,
we're just using them.
I refuse to make
friends with one.
[knocking]
Yes, come in.
[AKI]
Pardon the intrusion.
[AKI] They were outside
the patrol zone
before they knew it,
or so Denji claims.
Their extended
stroll led them to
a house that appeared,
quote, "super sketch."
And, upon investigating,
they found the bat.
Denji used his chainsaws
to destroy the Bat Devil.
Then, the Leech Devil
instigated a counterattack.
Special Division Four
handled that threat.
We examined both of
the targets' heads.
Neither held any
traces of Gun flesh.
That concludes my report.
Excellent work.
But I do have a concern.
Denji and Power got rather far
before anyone noticed
they had left.
No one had fully accounted
for how stupid they are.
They just abandoned
their preapproved area.
Big breach of conduct.
I believe it's worth overlooking
on this occasion.
Because of them, we were able
to exterminate two devils.
Without a single casualty.
Very well, then.
Thank you. Evening, ma'am.
I can't help but notice you seem
more flexible these days.
Makes me wonder if Denji's
influence is responsible.
[AKI]
Doubtful.
I'm the exact same guy
I've always been.
Nothing's changed.
[alarm beeping]
[DENJI yawns]
How is he up so friggin' early?
Whatcha makin' for lunch?
Curry.
Yeah!
[knocking]
[AKI]
Hm?
[banging]
The hell?
Devils do house calls?
[POWER]
Well, well, well!
What a dismal abode
you have here!
[MEOWY meows]
Your apartment can comfortably
house three people,
and I'd like it if Power
was one of them.
Denji and Power are still
a little too untamed.
They could use
a good leash like you.
I won't argue that, but why's
my place psycho central?
Because I know that
space is secure enough.
And I also trust you
more than anybody else.
[POWER]
'Tis mine now!
[DENJI]
Gimme my super toast back!
Oh. Great.
It'd be a little odd to have her
staying at the
office indefinitely.
Yes. I see.
Power assured me that
she would be on
her best behavior,
so there's really
no reason to worry.
It'll be fine.
[POWER]
Foul vegetables! Begone!
[AKI, DENJI gasp]
Hey! Do not throw your food!
What he said!
Respect the farmers who took
the time to grow these veggies!
Damn devil!
[POWER]
The toilet?
I'm the type who
seldom flushes my feces.
Not in this house!
That's nasty.
I'm the type who
seldom chooses to bathe.
Get your butt in there!
You totally reek!
Humans are so delicate.
Far too obsessed
with remaining clean.
Aren't they, Meowy-wowy?
[MEOWY meows]
[DENJI]
Can't believe she just shows up
and starts raisin' hell.
Even devils should flush!
Didn't eat 'er veggies either.
[POWER]
You there.
Ah! Well, if it isn't
the Shit Devil
whose turds turn to cement
and stick to the bowl!
Huh?
[POWER]
We had a deal, did we not?
My chest is yours for
the fondling. Fondle away!
[gasps]
[POWER] What's the matter?
Aren't you exhilarated?
Commence your caressing.
[POWER]
You are thrice blessed.
Which means you've
earned the honor
of squeezing my chest
three times.
Why'd I get three?
One's for safely
rescuing my cat.
Slaying the Bat Devil
got you a second one.
And your third is
for protecting me
even when topknot
was interrogating you!
I had no intention of
letting you do this at first,
but I should repay you, yes?
Somehow.
So squeeze them gratefully.
[DENJI panting]
[DENJI]
She's an angel!